Update README to accommodate beta release of vision package (#1231)
deepchecks/deepchecks: README.rst

Head over to the `Quickstart Notebook <https://docs.deepchecks.com/en/stable/
examples/guides/quickstart_in_5_minutes.html?
utm_source=github.com&utm_medium=referral&utm_campaign=readme&utm_content=try_it_out>`__

> and see deepchecks output on a built-in dataset, or runi t yourself to apply it on your own data and models.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and see deepchecks output on a built-in dataset, or run it yourself to apply it to your own data and models.
```

Author: Thanks for the correction, will commit
About number 1 - we discussed previously both alternatives and I implemented it accordingly. Looking at the result I think it's good cause it's "efficient" in demonstrating the value + examples.
Anyway - if we want to reconsider and change let's do it when CV is out of beta.
